Update README installation (#115)
pry/pry-doc: README.md

Installation
------------

Install the gem using the below command.

    gem install pry-doc

> To use `pry-doc`, you will need to manually require the gem inside `pry`.

Reviewer: Should be required from your `pryrc`.

Reviewer: In other words, I wouldn't mention this at all. Just the need to require from `pryrc`

    require 'pry-doc'

> If you want `pry` to automatically load `pry-doc` upon starting `pry`, you will need to add the command `require 'pry-doc'` to your `prysrc`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want `pry` to automatically load `pry-doc` upon starting `pry`, you will need to add the command `require 'pry-doc'` to your `pryrc`.
```

> You can read more about it [here][pry-overview].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can read more about it in Pry's [README file][pry-overview].
```
